README.md, before:

# <p align="center"> Open Source Events to attend in 2025 :sparkles: </p>

This is a collection of Open Source events or conferences to look out for in 2025.

How can you make the best out of these events or conferences?
- Checkout for the Call for Proposals and submit a talk or workshop.
- Look for opportunities to contribute to the conference through volunteering. Some examples are;
  - Watching out for and reporting typos found on the conference website
  - Volunteering on-site or online before or during the conference
  - Offering to coach new speakers before the conference
  - Help market the conference
- Sponsor an event.
- Checkout for grants or financial aid offered by the conference.

If you are interested in contributing to this project, kindly read the [contribution guideline](https://github.com/Everything-Open-Source/open-source-events/blob/main/contributing.md).


<details open>
 <summary><h2> January :sparkles: </h2></summary>

- [Try! Swift x AI Singapore](https://www.tryswift.co/world/)
   > Date: 18th - 19th January || Mode: In-person || Location: Singapore.

- [Everything Open](https://2025.everythingopen.au/)
   > Date: 20th - 22nd January || Mode: In-person || Location: Adelaide, Australia.

- [Vuejs Nation Conference](https://vuejsnation.com/)
   > Date: 29th - 30th January || Mode: Virtual

- [EU Open Source Policy Summit](https://openforumeurope.org/event/eu-open-source-policy-summit/)
   > Date: 31st January, 2025 || Mode: Online || Location: Brussels, Belgium.

</details>



<details open>
 <summary><h2> February :sparkles: </h2></summary>

 - [FOSDEM](https://fosdem.org/2025/)
   > Date: 1st - 2nd February || Mode: In-person || Location: Brussels, Belgium.

 - [Python devroom @FOSDEM](https://fosdem.org/2025/schedule/track/python/)
   > Date: 1st - 2nd February || Mode: In-person || Location: Brussels, Belgium.

 - [Laracon EU](https://laracon.eu/)
   > Date: 3rd - 4th February || Mode: In-person || Location: Amsterdam, Netherlands.

 - [SOOCON - State of Open Conference](https://stateofopencon.com/)
   > Date: 15th - 16th February || Mode: In-person || Location: London, United Kingdom.

 - [Python Barcamp Karlsruhe](https://barcamps.eu/python-barcamp-karlsruhe-2025/)
   > Date: 20th - 22nd February || Mode: In-person || Location: Karlsruhe, Germany.

 - [International Hackathon](https://os-sci.com/event/international-hackathon-14/register)
   > Date: 21th - 22nd February || Mode: Hybrid || Location: Worldwide, Worldwide.

 - [WordCamp Asia](https://asia.wordcamp.org/2025)
   > Date: 20th - 22nd February || Mode: In-person || Location: Manila, Philippines.

 - [Django Girls Koforidua](https://djangogirls.org/en/koforidua/)
   > Date: 21st - 22nd February || Mode: In-person || Location: Koforidua, Ghana.

 - [DjangoCongress](https://djangocongress.jp/)
   > Date: 22nd February || Mode: Virtual

 - [GeoPython](https://2025.geopython.net/)
   > Date: 24th - 26th February || Mode: In-person || Location: Basel, Switzerland.

 - [Pycon Namibia](https://na.pycon.org)
   > Date: 24th - 27th February || Mode: In-person || Location: Windhoek, Namibia.
   
</details>



<details open>
 <summary><h2> March :sparkles: </h2></summary>

- [SOSS Policy Summit - Open Source Security Foundation](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/soss-policy-summit-dc/)
   > Date: 4th March || Mode: In-person || Location: Washington, DC - USA.

- [SCALE22x](https://www.socallinuxexpo.org/scale/22x)
   > Date: 6th - 9th March || Mode: In-person || Location: Pasadena, California - USA.

- [Umbraco Spark](https://umbracospark.com/)
   > Date: 7th March || Mode: In-person || Location: Bristol, United Kingdom.

- [FOSS Backstage](https://25.foss-backstage.de/)
   > Date: 10th - 11th March || Mode: In-person || Location: Berlin, Germany.
   
- [KHIPU - Latin American Meeting in Artificial Intelligence](https://khipu.ai/)
   > Date: 10th - 14th March || Mode: In-person || Location:Santiago de Chile, Chile.   

- [FOSS Backstage Design](https://25.foss-backstage.de/)
   > Date: 12th March || Mode: In-Person || Location: Berlin, Germany.
  
- [FOSSASIA Summit](https://summit.fossasia.org)
   > Date: 13th - 15th March || Mode: In-person || Location: Bangkok, Thailand.

- [Linux Foundation Member Summit](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/lf-member-summit/)
   > Date: 18th - 20th March || Mode: In-person || Location: Napa, California - USA.

- [Open Source Day](https://osday.dev/)
   > Date: 21st March || Mode: In-person || Location: Florence, Italy.

</details>




<details open>
 <summary><h2> April :sparkles: </h2></summary>

 - [ArgoCon Europe](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/co-located-events/argocon/)
   > Date: 1st April || Mode: In-person || Location: London, England.

 - [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/)
   > Date: 1st - 4th April || Mode: In-person || Location: London, England.

 - [PyCon Austria](https://pycon.pyug.at/en/)
   > Date: 6th - 7th April || Mode: In-person || Location: Eisenstadt, Austria.

 - [ShinyConf2025: A global virtual conference focused on Shiny and data-driven applications](https://www.shinyconf.com/) 
   > Date: 9th - 11th April || Mode: Virtual 

 - [PyTexas Conference](https://www.pytexas.org/2025/)
   > Date: 11th - 13th April || Mode: In-person || Location: Austin, Texas - USA.

 - [FOSS North](https://foss-north.se/2025/)
   > Date: 14th - 15th April || Mode: In-person || Location: Gothenburg, Sweden.

 - [PyCon DE & PyData 2025](https://2025.pycon.de/)
   > Date: 23rd - 25th April || Mode: In-person || Location: Frankfurt, Germany.

 - [Django Girls Ho](https://djangogirls.org/en/ho/)
   > Date: 25th - 26th April || Mode: In-person || Location: Ho, Ghana.

 - [FLISoL](https://flisol.info/en)
   > Date: 26th April || Mode: Hybrid || Location: Simultaneously 200+ latinamerican cities, LATAM.

 - [StackConf](https://stackconf.eu/)
   > Date: 26th - 30th April || Mode: In-person || Location: Munich, Germany.

 - [Open SearchCon Europe](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/opensearchcon-europe/)
   > Date: 30th April - 1 May 2025 || Mode: In-person || Location: Amsterdam, Netherlands.

</details>




<details open>
 <summary><h2> May :sparkles: </h2></summary>

- [PyCon US](https://us.pycon.org/2025/)
   > Date: 14th - 22nd May || Mode: In-person || Location: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania - USA.

- [Red Hat Summit](https://www.redhat.com/en/summit)
   > Date: 19th - 22nd May || Mode: In-person || Location: Boston, Massachusetts - USA.

- [PyCon Italia](https://2025.pycon.it/en)
   > Date: 28th - 31st May || Mode: In-person || Location: Bologna, Italy.

</details>




<details open>
 <summary><h2> June :sparkles: </h2></summary>

 - [Berlin, PHP Conference](https://phpconference.com/berlin-en/)
   > Date:June 2 – 6, 2025 || Mode: In-person or Online  || Location: Berlin,Germany
  
 - [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon China](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-china/)
   > Date: 10th - 11th June || Mode: In-person || Location: Hong Kong, China

 - [POSETTE, An Event for Postgres](https://posetteconf.com/2025/)
   > Date: 10th - 12th June || Mode: Virtual || Location: Online

 - [Berlin Buzzwords](https://2025.berlinbuzzwords.de/)
   > Date: 15th - 17th June || Mode: In-person || Location: Berlin, Germany.

 - [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Japan](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-japan/)
   > Date: 16th - 17th June || Mode: In-person || Location: Tokyo, Japan.

 - [Open Source Summit North America](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-north-america/)
   > Date: 23rd - 25th June || Mode: In-person || Location: Denver, Colorado - USA.

 - [PyCamp Leipzig](https://lpug.github.io/)
   > Date: 28th - 29th June || Mode: In-person || Location: Leipzig, Germany

</details>



<details open>
 <summary><h2> July :sparkles: </h2></summary>

- [Open EDX](https://con.openedx.org/)
   > Date: 1st - 4th July || Mode: In-person || Location: Paris, France.
   
- [Foss4g](https://2025.europe.foss4g.org/)
   > Date: 14th - 20th July || Mode: In-person || Location: Mostar, Bosnia.

- [OpenEdX](https://con.openedx.org/)
   > Date: 1st - 4th July|| Mode: In-person || Location: Télécom Paris, France.

- [Debcon25](https://debconf25.debconf.org/)
   > Date: 14th - 20th July || Mode: In-person || Location: Brest, France.

- [Open Sauce](https://opensauce.com/)
   > Date: 18th - 20th July || Mode: In-person || Location: San Francisco Bay Area, California - USA.

- [JuliaCon](https://juliacon.org/2025/)
   > Date: 21st - 26th July || Mode: In-person || Location: Pittsburgh, PA.

- [GUADEC](https://events.gnome.org/event/259/)
   > Date: 24th - 29th July || Mode: In-person || Location: Brescia, Italy.

</details>




<details open>
 <summary><h2> August :sparkles: </h2></summary>

- [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon India](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-india-2025/)
   > Date: 6th - 7th August|| Mode: In-person || Location: Hyderabad, India.

- [useR! 2025 Conference](https://www.r-project.org/conferences/)
   > Date: 8th - 10th August|| Mode: In-person || Location: Duke University & Duke Center for Computational Thinking, Durham USA.

- [Open Source Summit Europe](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-europe/)
   > Date: 25th - 27th August || Mode: In-person || Location: Amsterdam, Netherlands.

- [FOSSY 25](https://2025.fossy.us/)
   > Date: 31st July - 3rd August || Mode: In-person || Location: Portland, Oregon, USA.
   
- [PyCon Latam](https://2025.pylatam.org/#)
   > Date: not announced yet || Mode: In-person || Location: Costa Rica. 

</details>




<details open>
 <summary><h2> September :sparkles: </h2></summary>

 - [Posit::conf 2025](https://posit.co/conference/)
   > Date 16 - 18 September || Mode: Hybrid || Location: Atlanta, USA

- [FlutterCon](https://fluttercon.dev)
   > Date: 24th - 26th September || Mode: In-person || Location: Berlin, Germany.

</details>



<details open>
 <summary><h2> October :sparkles: </h2></summary>

- [PyCon Estonia](https://pycon.ee/)
   > Date: 2nd - 3rd October || Mode: In-person || Location: Tallinn, Estonia.

- [All Things Open](https://2025.allthingsopen.org/)
   > Date: 12th - 14th October || Mode: In-person || Location: Raleigh, NC USA.

- [Github Universe](https://githubuniverse.com/)
   > Date: 28th - 29th October || Mode: In-person || Location: not announced yet
   
- [LatinR - Latinamerican Conference About the Use of R in R&D](https://latinr.org/en/)
   > Date: not announced yet || Mode: In-person || Location: not announced yet

</details>




<details open>
 <summary><h2> November :sparkles: </h2></summary>
  
- [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America](https://www.cncf.io/events/)
   > Date: 10th - 13th November || Mode: In-person || Location: Atlanta, United States.

</details>





<details open>
 <summary><h2> December :sparkles: </h2></summary>

- [Open Source Generative AI & ML Summit](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/ai-dev-japan-2025/)
  > Date: 8th - 10th December || Mode: In-person || Location: Tokyo, Japan.

- [Open source summit Japan](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-japan-2025/)
  > Date: 8th - 10th December || Mode: In-person || Location: Tokyo, Japan.

</details>

Commit message:

chore(pylapp): add details in README about contributions
This commit must not be sent upstream

Signed-off-by: Pierre-Yves Lapersonne <dev@pylapersonne.info>

README.md, after:

Disclaimer
==========

( ˶°ㅁ°) !! **This is a fork of [Everything-Open-Source/open-source-events](https://github.com/Everything-Open-Source/open-source-events)**

The aim of this project is to submit evolutions.
This is not the official repository of the app.
You should not submit bug reports, issues or pull requests to this fork.

Last constributions from here:
- Add FOSDEM 2025 (Brussels, Belgium) ([4780cd](https://github.com/Everything-Open-Source/open-source-events/commit/4780cd762ce73ceb5e682744331b674568e9b100))
- Add Capitole du Libre 2024 (Toulouse, France) ([b215c0e](https://github.com/Everything-Open-Source/open-source-events/commit/4780cd762ce73ceb5e682744331b674568e9b100))

# <p align="center"> Open Source Events to attend in 2025 :sparkles: </p>

This is a collection of Open Source events or conferences to look out for in 2025.

How can you make the best out of these events or conferences?
- Checkout for the Call for Proposals and submit a talk or workshop.
- Look for opportunities to contribute to the conference through volunteering. Some examples are;
  - Watching out for and reporting typos found on the conference website
  - Volunteering on-site or online before or during the conference
  - Offering to coach new speakers before the conference
  - Help market the conference
- Sponsor an event.
- Checkout for grants or financial aid offered by the conference.

If you are interested in contributing to this project, kindly read the [contribution guideline](https://github.com/Everything-Open-Source/open-source-events/blob/main/contributing.md).


<details open>
 <summary><h2> January :sparkles: </h2></summary>

- [Try! Swift x AI Singapore](https://www.tryswift.co/world/)
   > Date: 18th - 19th January || Mode: In-person || Location: Singapore.

- [Everything Open](https://2025.everythingopen.au/)
   > Date: 20th - 22nd January || Mode: In-person || Location: Adelaide, Australia.

- [Vuejs Nation Conference](https://vuejsnation.com/)
   > Date: 29th - 30th January || Mode: Virtual

- [EU Open Source Policy Summit](https://openforumeurope.org/event/eu-open-source-policy-summit/)
   > Date: 31st January, 2025 || Mode: Online || Location: Brussels, Belgium.

</details>



<details open>
 <summary><h2> February :sparkles: </h2></summary>

 - [FOSDEM](https://fosdem.org/2025/)
   > Date: 1st - 2nd February || Mode: In-person || Location: Brussels, Belgium.

 - [Python devroom @FOSDEM](https://fosdem.org/2025/schedule/track/python/)
   > Date: 1st - 2nd February || Mode: In-person || Location: Brussels, Belgium.

 - [Laracon EU](https://laracon.eu/)
   > Date: 3rd - 4th February || Mode: In-person || Location: Amsterdam, Netherlands.

 - [SOOCON - State of Open Conference](https://stateofopencon.com/)
   > Date: 15th - 16th February || Mode: In-person || Location: London, United Kingdom.

 - [Python Barcamp Karlsruhe](https://barcamps.eu/python-barcamp-karlsruhe-2025/)
   > Date: 20th - 22nd February || Mode: In-person || Location: Karlsruhe, Germany.

 - [International Hackathon](https://os-sci.com/event/international-hackathon-14/register)
   > Date: 21th - 22nd February || Mode: Hybrid || Location: Worldwide, Worldwide.

 - [WordCamp Asia](https://asia.wordcamp.org/2025)
   > Date: 20th - 22nd February || Mode: In-person || Location: Manila, Philippines.

 - [Django Girls Koforidua](https://djangogirls.org/en/koforidua/)
   > Date: 21st - 22nd February || Mode: In-person || Location: Koforidua, Ghana.

 - [DjangoCongress](https://djangocongress.jp/)
   > Date: 22nd February || Mode: Virtual

 - [GeoPython](https://2025.geopython.net/)
   > Date: 24th - 26th February || Mode: In-person || Location: Basel, Switzerland.

 - [Pycon Namibia](https://na.pycon.org)
   > Date: 24th - 27th February || Mode: In-person || Location: Windhoek, Namibia.
   
</details>



<details open>
 <summary><h2> March :sparkles: </h2></summary>

- [SOSS Policy Summit - Open Source Security Foundation](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/soss-policy-summit-dc/)
   > Date: 4th March || Mode: In-person || Location: Washington, DC - USA.

- [SCALE22x](https://www.socallinuxexpo.org/scale/22x)
   > Date: 6th - 9th March || Mode: In-person || Location: Pasadena, California - USA.

- [Umbraco Spark](https://umbracospark.com/)
   > Date: 7th March || Mode: In-person || Location: Bristol, United Kingdom.

- [FOSS Backstage](https://25.foss-backstage.de/)
   > Date: 10th - 11th March || Mode: In-person || Location: Berlin, Germany.
   
- [KHIPU - Latin American Meeting in Artificial Intelligence](https://khipu.ai/)
   > Date: 10th - 14th March || Mode: In-person || Location:Santiago de Chile, Chile.   

- [FOSS Backstage Design](https://25.foss-backstage.de/)
   > Date: 12th March || Mode: In-Person || Location: Berlin, Germany.
  
- [FOSSASIA Summit](https://summit.fossasia.org)
   > Date: 13th - 15th March || Mode: In-person || Location: Bangkok, Thailand.

- [Linux Foundation Member Summit](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/lf-member-summit/)
   > Date: 18th - 20th March || Mode: In-person || Location: Napa, California - USA.

- [Open Source Day](https://osday.dev/)
   > Date: 21st March || Mode: In-person || Location: Florence, Italy.

</details>




<details open>
 <summary><h2> April :sparkles: </h2></summary>

 - [ArgoCon Europe](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/co-located-events/argocon/)
   > Date: 1st April || Mode: In-person || Location: London, England.

 - [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/)
   > Date: 1st - 4th April || Mode: In-person || Location: London, England.

 - [PyCon Austria](https://pycon.pyug.at/en/)
   > Date: 6th - 7th April || Mode: In-person || Location: Eisenstadt, Austria.

 - [ShinyConf2025: A global virtual conference focused on Shiny and data-driven applications](https://www.shinyconf.com/) 
   > Date: 9th - 11th April || Mode: Virtual 

 - [PyTexas Conference](https://www.pytexas.org/2025/)
   > Date: 11th - 13th April || Mode: In-person || Location: Austin, Texas - USA.

 - [FOSS North](https://foss-north.se/2025/)
   > Date: 14th - 15th April || Mode: In-person || Location: Gothenburg, Sweden.

 - [PyCon DE & PyData 2025](https://2025.pycon.de/)
   > Date: 23rd - 25th April || Mode: In-person || Location: Frankfurt, Germany.

 - [Django Girls Ho](https://djangogirls.org/en/ho/)
   > Date: 25th - 26th April || Mode: In-person || Location: Ho, Ghana.

 - [FLISoL](https://flisol.info/en)
   > Date: 26th April || Mode: Hybrid || Location: Simultaneously 200+ latinamerican cities, LATAM.

 - [StackConf](https://stackconf.eu/)
   > Date: 26th - 30th April || Mode: In-person || Location: Munich, Germany.

 - [Open SearchCon Europe](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/opensearchcon-europe/)
   > Date: 30th April - 1 May 2025 || Mode: In-person || Location: Amsterdam, Netherlands.

</details>




<details open>
 <summary><h2> May :sparkles: </h2></summary>

- [PyCon US](https://us.pycon.org/2025/)
   > Date: 14th - 22nd May || Mode: In-person || Location: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania - USA.

- [Red Hat Summit](https://www.redhat.com/en/summit)
   > Date: 19th - 22nd May || Mode: In-person || Location: Boston, Massachusetts - USA.

- [PyCon Italia](https://2025.pycon.it/en)
   > Date: 28th - 31st May || Mode: In-person || Location: Bologna, Italy.

</details>




<details open>
 <summary><h2> June :sparkles: </h2></summary>

 - [Berlin, PHP Conference](https://phpconference.com/berlin-en/)
   > Date:June 2 – 6, 2025 || Mode: In-person or Online  || Location: Berlin,Germany
  
 - [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon China](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-china/)
   > Date: 10th - 11th June || Mode: In-person || Location: Hong Kong, China

 - [POSETTE, An Event for Postgres](https://posetteconf.com/2025/)
   > Date: 10th - 12th June || Mode: Virtual || Location: Online

 - [Berlin Buzzwords](https://2025.berlinbuzzwords.de/)
   > Date: 15th - 17th June || Mode: In-person || Location: Berlin, Germany.

 - [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Japan](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-japan/)
   > Date: 16th - 17th June || Mode: In-person || Location: Tokyo, Japan.

 - [Open Source Summit North America](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-north-america/)
   > Date: 23rd - 25th June || Mode: In-person || Location: Denver, Colorado - USA.

 - [PyCamp Leipzig](https://lpug.github.io/)
   > Date: 28th - 29th June || Mode: In-person || Location: Leipzig, Germany

</details>



<details open>
 <summary><h2> July :sparkles: </h2></summary>

- [Open EDX](https://con.openedx.org/)
   > Date: 1st - 4th July || Mode: In-person || Location: Paris, France.
   
- [Foss4g](https://2025.europe.foss4g.org/)
   > Date: 14th - 20th July || Mode: In-person || Location: Mostar, Bosnia.

- [OpenEdX](https://con.openedx.org/)
   > Date: 1st - 4th July|| Mode: In-person || Location: Télécom Paris, France.

- [Debcon25](https://debconf25.debconf.org/)
   > Date: 14th - 20th July || Mode: In-person || Location: Brest, France.

- [Open Sauce](https://opensauce.com/)
   > Date: 18th - 20th July || Mode: In-person || Location: San Francisco Bay Area, California - USA.

- [JuliaCon](https://juliacon.org/2025/)
   > Date: 21st - 26th July || Mode: In-person || Location: Pittsburgh, PA.

- [GUADEC](https://events.gnome.org/event/259/)
   > Date: 24th - 29th July || Mode: In-person || Location: Brescia, Italy.

</details>




<details open>
 <summary><h2> August :sparkles: </h2></summary>

- [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon India](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-india-2025/)
   > Date: 6th - 7th August|| Mode: In-person || Location: Hyderabad, India.

- [useR! 2025 Conference](https://www.r-project.org/conferences/)
   > Date: 8th - 10th August|| Mode: In-person || Location: Duke University & Duke Center for Computational Thinking, Durham USA.

- [Open Source Summit Europe](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-europe/)
   > Date: 25th - 27th August || Mode: In-person || Location: Amsterdam, Netherlands.

- [FOSSY 25](https://2025.fossy.us/)
   > Date: 31st July - 3rd August || Mode: In-person || Location: Portland, Oregon, USA.
   
- [PyCon Latam](https://2025.pylatam.org/#)
   > Date: not announced yet || Mode: In-person || Location: Costa Rica. 

</details>




<details open>
 <summary><h2> September :sparkles: </h2></summary>

 - [Posit::conf 2025](https://posit.co/conference/)
   > Date 16 - 18 September || Mode: Hybrid || Location: Atlanta, USA

- [FlutterCon](https://fluttercon.dev)
   > Date: 24th - 26th September || Mode: In-person || Location: Berlin, Germany.

</details>



<details open>
 <summary><h2> October :sparkles: </h2></summary>

- [PyCon Estonia](https://pycon.ee/)
   > Date: 2nd - 3rd October || Mode: In-person || Location: Tallinn, Estonia.

- [All Things Open](https://2025.allthingsopen.org/)
   > Date: 12th - 14th October || Mode: In-person || Location: Raleigh, NC USA.

- [Github Universe](https://githubuniverse.com/)
   > Date: 28th - 29th October || Mode: In-person || Location: not announced yet
   
- [LatinR - Latinamerican Conference About the Use of R in R&D](https://latinr.org/en/)
   > Date: not announced yet || Mode: In-person || Location: not announced yet

</details>




<details open>
 <summary><h2> November :sparkles: </h2></summary>
  
- [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America](https://www.cncf.io/events/)
   > Date: 10th - 13th November || Mode: In-person || Location: Atlanta, United States.

</details>





<details open>
 <summary><h2> December :sparkles: </h2></summary>

- [Open Source Generative AI & ML Summit](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/ai-dev-japan-2025/)
  > Date: 8th - 10th December || Mode: In-person || Location: Tokyo, Japan.

- [Open source summit Japan](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-japan-2025/)
  > Date: 8th - 10th December || Mode: In-person || Location: Tokyo, Japan.

</details>
